gh-123430: Add dark mode support to pages generated by http.server (#123475)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Library/2024-08-29-14-51-36.gh-issue-123430.M7wXl9.rst

> Pages generated by the ``http.server`` module allow the brower to apply it's default dark mode.

Reviewer: Nitpick:
```suggestion
Pages generated by the :mod:`http.server` module allow the brower to apply its default dark mode.
```

Author: Thank you :-)

> Pages generated by the :mod:`http.server` module allow the brower to apply its default dark mode.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pages generated by the :mod:`http.server` module allow the browser to apply its default dark mode.
```
